Update docs with popup closure detection and interaction status details (#8580)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md

- [React Router Sample](../../../samples/msal-react-samples/react-router-sample)
- [Express Sample](../../../samples/msal-browser-samples/ExpressSample)

## Popup closure detection and `InteractionStatus`

Starting in MSAL Browser v5, popup authentication uses a [BroadcastChannel](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/BroadcastChannel) to receive the authentication response from the popup window. This replaces the previous `window.closed` polling mechanism used in earlier versions.

### What happens when a user manually closes the popup

> When a user closes the popup window without completing authentication (e.g., clicks the X button), MSAL cannot detect the closure immediately. Because the popup communicates via BroadcastChannel rather than `window.opener`, MSAL has no way to observe when the popup window is closed. Instead, MSAL waits for the configured `popupBridgeTimeout` (default: 60 seconds) to expire before throwing a `timed_out` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user closes the popup window without completing authentication (e.g., clicks the X button), MSAL cannot detect the closure immediately. Because of Cross Origin Opener Policies (COOP) that sever the connection between the opener and popup windows, MSAL no longer has a way to observe when the popup window is closed. Instead, MSAL waits for the configured `popupBridgeTimeout` (default: 60 seconds) to expire before throwing a `timed_out` error.
```
